Now, the last task of the final project is about conducting tests and
about finding the best parameter settings in all the different stages of the algorithm.
I would like you to do the following; the first is,
look for several examples where you have the impression that
the lidar-based TTC estimate is way off.
Once you have found those,
describe the observations and also provide
a sound argumentation why you think this happened.
The second is, run several combinations of detectors and descriptors,
and look at the differences in TTC estimation.
Find out which methods perform best,
and also include several examples where camera-based TTC estimation is way off.
As with lidar, describe the observations again,
and also look into potential reasons for this.
This is the last task and the final project.
We are super excited to receiving your submission as soon as possible.